cloud: support generating endpoints automatically (#14244)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-app-config-files.md

      "timeout": <Endpoint timeout>,
      "row_limit": <Maximum rows>
    },
    "tag": "Default",

>     "batch": false,

Author: ```suggestion
    "batch_operation": false,
```

>     "batch_operation": false,

Reviewer: 这里是0

      "timeout": <Endpoint timeout>,
      "row_limit": <Maximum rows>
    },
    "tag": "Default",

>     "batch": false,

Reviewer 2: Needs to be batch operation

Reviewer 2: batch_operation ask Hongmeng

>     "batch": false,

Author: ```suggestion
    "batch_operations": false,
```

>     "batch_operation": false,

Reviewer: 这里是0

| `params.name` | String | The name of the parameter. The name can only include letters, digits, and underscores (`_`) and must start with a letter or an underscore (`_`).          |
| `params.type` | String | The data type of the parameter. Supported values are `string`, `number`, and `boolean`. When using a `string` type parameter, you do not need to add quotation marks (`'` or `"`). For example, `foo` is valid for the `string` type and is processed as `"foo"`, whereas `"foo"` is processed as `"\"foo\""`.|
| `params.required` | Integer | Specifies whether the parameter is required in the request. Supported values are `0` (not required) and `1` (required).  The default value is `0`.  |
| `params.default` | String | The default value of the parameter. Make sure that the value matches the type of parameter you specified. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error. |
| `settings.timeout`     | Integer | The timeout for the endpoint in milliseconds, which is `5000` by default. You can set it to an integer from `1` to `30000`.  |

> | `row_limit`   | Integer  | The maximum number of rows that the endpoint can operate or return, which is `50` by default. When `batch_operation` is `false`, you can set it to an integer from `1` to `2000`. When `batch_operation` is `true`, you can set it to an integer from `1` to `100`.  |

Reviewer: 这里为0和1

| `tag`    | String | The tag for the endpoint. The default value is `"Default"`. |

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`. |

Reviewer: 类型为Integer,值为0和1

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `batch_operation`    | Integer | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. Supported values are `0` (disabled) and `1` (enabled). When it is set to `1`, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`. |
```

| `params.required` | Integer | Specifies whether the parameter is required in the request. Supported values are `0` (not required) and `1` (required).  The default value is `0`.  |
| `params.default` | String | The default value of the parameter. Make sure that the value matches the type of parameter you specified. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error. |

> | `timeout`     | Integer | The timeout for the endpoint in milliseconds, which is `5000` by default. You can set it to an integer from `1` to `30000`.  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `settings.timeout`     | Integer | The timeout for the endpoint in milliseconds, which is `5000` by default. You can set it to an integer from `1` to `30000`.  |
```

> | `row_limit`   | Integer  | The maximum number of rows that the endpoint can operate or return, which is `50` by default. When `batch_operation` is `false`, you can set it to an integer from `1` to `2000`. When `batch_operation` is 'true`, you can set it to an integer from `1` to `100`.  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `row_limit`   | Integer  | The maximum number of rows that the endpoint can operate or return, which is `50` by default. When `batch_operation` is `false`, you can set it to an integer from `1` to `2000`. When `batch_operation` is `true`, you can set it to an integer from `1` to `100`.  |
```

| `tag`    | String | The tag for the endpoint. The default value is `"Default"`. |

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`, and that the last SQL statement for the endpoint is an `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE` operation. |

Reviewer: 现在支持其他语句也可以开启 batch_operation,但是对于其他语句，全部执行成功会返回最后一条数据的结果，如果有失败会返回insert那种结构

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`, and that the last SQL statement for the endpoint is an `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE` operation. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`. |
```

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`, and that the last SQL statement for the endpoint is an `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE` operation. |

Reviewer 3: @heibaijian `params.required` 也是一个开关，但是目前是使用 Integer <0/1>，`enable_pagination` 也是使用 Integer，这里 batch_operation 的类型需要统一一下吗

Reviewer: 使用0和1了

| `params.default` | String | The default value of the parameter. Make sure that the value matches the type of parameter you specified. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error. |
| `timeout`     | Integer | The timeout for the endpoint in milliseconds, which is `5000` by default. You can set it to an integer from `1` to `30000`.  |
| `row_limit`   | Integer  | The maximum number of rows that the endpoint returns, which is `50` by default. You can set it to an integer from `1` to `2000`.          |
| `tag`    | String | The tag for the endpoint, which is `"Default"` by default. |

> | `batch`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable batch operations for an endpoint that uses the `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE` request method. When this option is enabled, you can operate multiple rows in one request. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `batch_operations`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable endpoints with `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE` request methods to operate in a batch mode. In the batch mode, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. |
```

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable endpoints with `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE` request methods to operate in a batch mode. The batch mode allows you to operate on multiple rows in a single request. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable an endpoint with the `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE` request method to operate in a batch mode. The batch mode allows you to operate on multiple rows in a single request. |
```

> | `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable an endpoint with the `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE` request method to operate in a batch mode. The batch mode allows you to operate on multiple rows in a single request. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `batch_operation`    | Boolean | Controls whether to enable the endpoint to operate in batch mode. When it is enabled, you can operate on multiple rows in a single request. To enable this option, make sure that the request method is `POST`, `PUT`, or `DELETE`, and that the last SQL statement for the endpoint is an `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE` operation. |
```
